I dropped this this morning, you see?
I, uh, I'm just gonna buy more tape, that's a... there's a campus bootstrap next door, right?
Yes.
I'm sorry, I didn't let you... Oh, you're almost ready.
So this is the... The Stingford Box 1.
And this is a very detailed book that we already know.
We're actually nearly this detailed book that is about our university.
we had something to do with it.
So this not only tells you this is box one folder on the base, but it also gives you a kind of a description of what's in there, some quotes, um, and some subject terms.
But you can also by clicking on this actually see the
Physically in box 1.
And you can see them in thumbnails.
If you click on one, it can actually get the textbooks more than readable.
Oh, look at that.
Yep.
And this is 1828, so it is time that you engage to look for a new movie to arrive.
And they're now one girl.
I want some help very much to help them.
Wish you to have you come immediately.
It is not a regular tradition.
No.
But, uh, well, the money is why I work at work right now.
So this is actually for someone who is just in research.
In some way, of course, this is like this world.
But...
It's actually a fine combination in terms of that.
You can then also do this Esprit.
So you can really pretty much scan through that.
So in any event, that's...
That's one of the things that this door links you from the Exhibit to the actual guide.
Now there's a way of getting to this guide from... Eventually there will be from the Online Catalog as well.
So that'll be for me.
You should be able to click on a button on the Online Catalog and get to the guide or to the Exhibit.
Now I'm sure you really know that well with it.
Right, and we've been very, you know, rather planning on scanning books.
And this is still pretty much experimental one, because it's very experimental.
Unlike books, each one is a little bit different, so you have to see where they are.
There's a lot more upward involved.
Each letter, you have the equipment here.
Oh, yeah.
We no longer stand up here as a production.
That doesn't seem to be a perfect one for a long days to do.
But now it's about a lot.
to make the decision on which materials to brew style?
You said when you brew this, the light was wrong, but anyway, that was very serious.
So how great time do you apply to that?
This is really the only collection that does for it.
We would do a little bit as of use, and that's really very tricky because the fashion of war, this will be the fashion of war next year.
But in terms of what we see they're doing, they're in a perfect world, they'd scan everything.
They'd scan everything, exactly.
Perfect for all 70 nodes, and that is for us to probably do that.
And they know that we have perhaps a modern administrative program that's a real leader.
So I imagine that this pipe is pretty easy to decide when you're trying to do it.
Yeah.
It's hard.
But shall you do?
You don't have to be a genius to decide.
Oh, right.
I think you're awkward.
Don't have it all for me.
I would love all that.
This one is kind of an interesting one, because you were saying that it is terrible.
It was two parts.
At first, the part had no physical.
It's an expeditionary of an expeditionary of 1899 by Los Angeles.
And what we did was misconstruy.
When I was in the room, the X-Cords had X-Cords for what is what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for what we didn't transcribe, and that's the best X-Cords for
Very, very horrible.
And she told me if it's cured even, so I'd always believe that.
Absolutely, it's the same thing, that same thing she don't care.
I'm an expedition.
So I go to Harrowwood.
And then you go to Harrowwood.
I think that was small if I used to like... You can play to that.
I probably would like to play this a little more.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of the stuff that we're getting on the birds, I can get the swirlings and others.
Now, I guess the project that you... Well, this is the game of 93.
This one has actually done birds.
Really?
Yeah.
The students are more categorized.
Well, this is an exhibition.
This is a project.
Generate.
We're thinking of a form of existing girls, right?
That's exactly nothing special.
And part of the year, there wasn't a... But part of the year, the rest of the year, part of the year we tried this is... It was a manageable amount of this very small draw.
Now how about the bread songs and stuff like that, would you get back?
So what I'm driving at is that you were able to create something that is equal to our materials themselves by the fact that you were able to create something
This is brand new, so it's not Brexley.
This is going to be... Okay.
This is a data witness that's sitting behind the site.
Allow you to search for any image by this particular artist.
There is anywhere on campus.
So we have pictures.
The laboratory by Halloween.
We have pictures.
Search for everything at the laboratory by Halloween.
That would perhaps be a very good instance of engineering.
As I said, it will be absolutely a little bit.
I'll have to click a little point before I go.
Okay, so it will tell you that there are 174 images in this data that are not going to play in the library, but it doesn't belong to the library.
And these are actually a little bit of a computer.
Oh, in the general, these are from the wall, these are from the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall of the wall
If you wanted to see detail, we could get the drill.
We don't want people thinking it's going to do so, right?
Is any copyright question around both sides of the nation?
Because we both are users of material and are in a very interesting situation.
So I'm curious about the sophistication of some of the things that you showed me.
I spoke of those Corvus and, you know, this is...
You're doing great, sophisticated work here.
Have you been in contact with them?
Oh, I don't know.
They've actually really used the images from the internet and stuff.
They did something up to them.
So we've got some interesting questions.
If that was the first time, we've married and coached four nights outside the room for the rest of the rest of the time to watch.
We've got different things from what you have to do.
So I think I'm happy to be able to resolve it.
Yeah, I think.
Do you see where there's competition at all?
I think I heard a lot of things.
Do you have seven questions about what they're doing?
Of course.
I don't know who I am.
And he's totally rethinking, uh, doing stuff like that.
You're the man-based.
Is that a matter of policy?
Is that one of the good people?
Yes.
The only reason we would have known someone to look at your dream was because of the fragile.
I love that.
That's wonderful.
I don't know if I've heard of you.
I'm going to cry with Tarot.
This is something he did in a while.
Now we've done some other units.
Now this is much of a
I'd also like to know, to tell you about what you're really racist in the heart.
I'm really responsible for all some really old materials got to know from the University of the University.
And when they come to that, you know, the blogger, the faculty group, where they've been started for a group, and so they're on a piece of paper, and a range of materials on that one.
We have large collections about it, and we have different regions for a number of useful animals that have a way, a lot of functions in those terms, but in a certain way, the most personal that you keep in creating a memory.
In events, other than 1-hour meeting, we're able to tell you that you're not.
I don't know if you can tell them a lot.
You have a special collection to get it to you.
So, when I don't know how much Mark told you about how this project was cut to you, is that we were originally forced to continue.
perfected it and one of those collections was so there are also extensive non-universities collections um over the years i've heard very similar
And so the first collection is really .
And so we have lots of collection in agriculture and family and stuff.
In 1960, that was a collection of specific areas that were national .
We have a collection of .
So we need to respond.
We need a faculty to return to the community and a person who can do what we call one more.
We have historical, literary collections that were slightly different than what we heard.
Literary collections you can use.
Most of the historical, in terms of modern historical collections, there is.
I'm returning from the university, you know, by any way.
I can't argue that you have to get a little bit.
So, I'm just saying, in terms of joint projects, we've done, we've said Utopia, basically.
Utopia is a joint project that was done with this department.
That is the history of art slide library and the architecture slide library.
And I'll give you the basic images as you're a few.
You want to spend time?
From your realistic days of history.
Again, this is an errorable to you as well.
Can you tell me all of these art?
Now, the actual utopian site, you really can't see the whole thing, because that's really limited to the Cornell community.
And part of that is because it's usually slides from short libraries, for which we have license to do.
They're not all slides, this is a problem.
So this is, again, this is an adult saying, oh yeah, I can do this here.
But this is not from, this is something that we're seeing.
What's that symbol?
And this looks very much like what we saw for the birds, but it was on the field.
And I think that was a certain way.
I don't know.
It looks terrific.
And so a student was looking for images on a variety of ways to find it.
And one of the professors in his field, she knew that she actually found it interesting.
She saw connections that she had not seen before.
She searched on musical instruments, pictures that actually had musical instruments.
And they were very surprising.
some combinations that you wouldn't see, otherwise, even working with cards.
Because there's too many, there hasn't been any spread, but now it's too hard to run food for me.
We've got the pictures online, and now I think I'm playing around with a little bit different.
So, architecture, and I think eventually we will put images from books, you know, we took it back to a lot, so we're really interested in books, like, uh, for me to be included.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I'm hoping I'll have about ten minutes.
Sure.
Yeah, we can ask this.
Let's take this over a while.
What now?
What's your last name?
What's your name?
You really can't.
At home.
I think it's called MESL.
M-E-S-L is Museum Educational Site Policy.
Getting to a demo.
This is a demonstration, sorry, that you can do a show of this at once.
I'm only actually studying it.
And what MESL actually is.
This is a collaborative project between Canadians and Russia.
None of these images are out there.
So this is a project where we're getting the data from.
We're serving it here.
We're allowing students to do this in a very good point of view.
projects in different classes.
You can see first of what their classes are, I mean, what are the expectations are involved in this, you know, a whole host of that, maybe.
You know, we get news or do it.
Mm.
Well, there's a person who's just coming in for her own.
Oh, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my God, my
and you can really have here for students.
It's a great thing called to a world.
Last one was to quite a pandemic, and I'm just trying to remember my life.
I'm not sure.
Are you okay?
You know who everybody knows what they're doing?
I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure, but I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure, but I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure.
I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure, but I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure.
I don't know if they're going to be doing that for sure.
You've lost your word.
Your hand up there.
You've got one.
That's right.
Two.
Go to the other side.
The book.
Hey, look at me.
This is a pretty good sound budge.
Give me a question.
I, uh, I'm passionate about it.
I can't believe it.
And so this allows students to be able to search in the collection.
Apart from the virtual conference repository, essentially a virtual repository.
In terms of the security pages, I'd love to have spread them out to the museums that are happening to people.
You know, the original tape is what we primarily don't do.
That can be a work of flow.
Exactly.
And that's what we see all of these.
They're very easy to update.
If you look at some of the activities that certainly are quite a little.
There are images in the book.
Well, we should look for a book and have a book available for a link to a project like this.
That all of these can link to a list of things that link in Finland.
No, I do read as a way for more students and faculty to write their own comments.
We suggest their own read, one that we have read, too, because they can't do it with any of the reason why there's research out there.
So we only have the resources to do a whole lot of that.
I just said, we're going to make archival copies of this to create a lot of research.
It's quite from my own, which is kind of interesting.
In terms of preserving, everybody knows how these things are going on.
Well, you know, books say when you all have happened over the last two hundreds of years and taken care of properly in the last two hundreds of years.
In fact, the other reality is that it's not seen with things that we do not have left before in this many years.
We have reasonably expected to do that.
You know, so if we don't know more technology here, we know we're not from here.
We don't know how to do that, but we don't know.
There has to be some means of our hiding material that it's continually over there.
And that's a lot of information.
And in this case, what's your phone?
What is the problem with the CD?
So I think that's the picture.
And we don't know.
So that's the answer.
Yeah, for my mouth, that's not a good answer.
Microphone is a small phone number.
I don't know if any of them have to do that.
So we keep going.
Something that has to do.
It's really, I don't know if we're working on this.
We're working on this.
What are standards?
They're really on standards.
It's all very new.
So in the rush, the haste, to get rid of the bugs, the questionary tale, the questionary tale, well, it's not a tale, but the question is, the caveat is, hold on, hold on the urge us.
For now, you know, I mean, right now, even though he doesn't have that situation, I think that's the only thing.
I mean, it's just in the last 20 years.
I can't hate, but I don't know.
I don't know.
who let it sort of survive a positive person.
I mean, the same change.
What makes Sran in terms of these things that have really hated themselves, because what's important is that they
The system, you need to know what systems are, but you need to be aware of what the data is and what the data is around.
The data is really, really nice, powerful, though.
So we are in the handling capacity.
People don't look at your eyes.
I'm not right now.
I don't like that.
I know the white system.
We're looking for the next generation.
What we have to be concerned about is that how this particular system works.
I'd like to do.
I can't help you with experts.
They're still the most important.
One way, where does lots of work?
Lots of stuff, and it's for you.
And it's for you.
And what we're trying to do with them is our own selves.
It is not right for the same thing that we don't want to get to do.
That's what we have to do.
I don't know, maybe that would be a question, you know, it would be an answer to why I don't think after you know, I don't think so in mind.
I don't know.
If not, then, what is it you have?
I guess somebody else will use all the solution for it, but it's not that bad.
But I hope it goes well.
Yes, you can read my dad and you do it any time.
I hope you don't get it, but if you leave me, he wrote on this subject, you had better cut him down.
Because...
I can't tell you everything I do.
You want a map to your city.
Now, it's whatever the grind is to move back down.
It may get you to a house, but it's not going to get you to a house, and it's not going to get you to a bookshop in that house.
I'm sure what do you do, and how much
Yeah, I like that too.